Corrected vnet to VNet (#3957)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/reference-architectures/sap/run-sap-hana-for-linux-virtual-machines-content.md

#### Networking

> **Virtual networks (VNet)** The [Azure Virtual Network](/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview) service connects Azure resources to each other with enhanced security. In this architecture, the virtual network connects to an on-premises environment via an ExpressRoute gateway deployed in the hub of a [hub-spoke topology](../../reference-architectures/hybrid-networking/hub-spoke.yml). SAP HANA database is contained in own spoke virtual network. The spoke virtual networks contains one subnet for the database virtual machines (VMs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Virtual networks** The [Azure Virtual Network](/azure/virtual-network/virtual-networks-overview) service connects Azure resources to each other with enhanced security. In this architecture, the virtual network connects to an on-premises environment via an ExpressRoute gateway deployed in the hub of a [hub-spoke topology](../../reference-architectures/hybrid-networking/hub-spoke.yml). SAP HANA database is contained in own spoke virtual network. The spoke virtual networks contains one subnet for the database virtual machines (VMs).
```

> If applications connecting to SAP HANA are running on VMs, the application VMs should be located in same VNet but within a dedicated application subnet. Alternatively, if SAP HANA connection isn't the primary database, the application VMs can be located in other VNets. Separating into subnets by workload allows easier enablement of network security groups (NSG) to set security rules applicable to SAP HANA VMs only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If applications connecting to SAP HANA are running on VMs, the application VMs should be located in same virtual network but within a dedicated application subnet. Alternatively, if SAP HANA connection isn't the primary database, the application VMs can be located in other virtual networks. Separating into subnets by workload allows easier enablement of network security groups (NSG) to set security rules applicable to SAP HANA VMs only.
```
